Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solved-java-application-that-calculates-the-total-annual-compensation-of-a-salesperson
<br>
Write a Java&#x2122; application using an Integrated Development Environment (IDE) that calculates the total annual compensation of a salesperson. Consider the following factors: • A salesperson will earn a fixed salary of $42,000. • A salesperson will also receive a commission as a sales incentive. Commission is a percentage of the salesperson’s annual sales. The current commission is %8 of total sales. • The total annual compensation is the fixed salary plus the commission earned. The Java&#x2122; application should meet these technical requirements: • The application should have at least one class, in addition to the application’s controlling class (a controlling class is where the main function resides). • There should be proper documentation in the source code. • The application should ask the user to enter annual sales, and it should display the total annual compensation Modify the Week Two Java&#x2122; application using a Java&#x2122; IDE to meet these additional and changed business requirements: • The company has recently changed its total annual compensation policy to improve sales. • A salesperson will continue to earn a fixed salary of $42,000 . The current sales target for every salesperson is $125,000. • The sales incentive will only start when 80% of the sales target is met. The current commission is %8. • If a salesperson exceeds the sales target, the commission will increase based on an acceleration factor. The acceleration factor is 1.25. • The application should ask the user to enter annual sales, and it should display the total annual compensation. • The application should also display a table of potential total annual compensation that the salesperson could have earned, in $5000 increments above the salesperson’s annual sales, until it reaches 50% above the salesperson’s annual sales. Modify the Week Three Java&#x2122; application using Java&#x2122; NetBeans&#x2122; IDE to meet these additional and changed business requirements: • The application will now compare the total annual compensation of at least two salespersons. • It will calculate the additional amount of sales that each salesperson must achieve to match or exceed the higher of the two earners. • The application should ask for the name of each salesperson being compared. The Java&#x2122; application should also meet these technical requirements: • The application should have at least one class, in addition to the application’s controlling class. • The source code must demonstrate the use of Array or ArrayList. • There should be proper documentation in the source code. Submit a ZIP file containing the “.java” file